big_box.txt

BIG BOX CONCEPT:

A long ago my mom had a big box where she used to put all documents and letters. I knew all important stuff was there. The docs in the box were always sorted from the most recent on top towards the oldest on the bottom. In order to replicate this I created last year a "feed" style google app scripts. The script worked in the following way:

1) There is a folder called "Feed" in my google drive.
2) I received a letter at home or I download a pdf or whatever.
3) I would scan the letter using google drive API scanner that is very good and treats the images and export it as PDF, it crops, rotates and removes shadows and allows me to scan documents and letters with a high quality.
4) I would upload the file to the "Feed" folder.
5) At certain periods of time a trigger would run a script that would check for new files. The script is available for you to have a look in the file "my_current_google_app_script.txt". 

6) Later down the line I noticed some files would never overlap so I have created some "special feed folders", one dedicated to shoping receipts only, another only to fuel receipts, and journal. This last one would be just things I come across find nice and wanted to remember  later (you can check the address: https://script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbzuO3rEKQUUP0zlHYC40erTPUe3RsKzel_3K0JoE0c/dev?folderId=1jAykCAoEj3km23sh5G2PGWh0ugPpSS1C)

7) The scripts uses AI to find the best name to the file, add a description, and add tags accordingly. The script also adds a time stamp to the file name HOWEVER this time stamp is ignored when the file is displayed in the app, but only serves to create a permanent mark of the time.

8) I would like to add this big box concept in my app however I wanted to:
8.1 be able to create the "special feed folders" from my app, create and delete, and update name.. etc.. if I delete all files in the defaults to the my "Feed" folder, the Big Box. Each special feed folders will have their own tags, and I wanted to be able to create/delete/edit each tags and categories of tags from the gtd app. However the AI system cannot create or edit but only make the most (use) the tags already available. So we might need a separate script that deterministically checks if this condition is met and ignores tags the AI might decide to create on its own.

8.2 Not sure what would be the best way to capture the files in this case, because we might be wanting to use google drive so we can leverage the document filters scanner feature??

8.3 I wanted to keep the GTD lists and system and the Big Box system independent. However I think it could be useful to be able to use files in the big boxes to start an action or to create a project. And I think it would be important to be able to link files in the big box to a project. For example, lets say I received a penalty PCI from parking in a wrong place. I upload this penalty to the Feed folder. I with I could start a project and link this file to my project as part of the resources of the project, and if I receive an updated letter I would uploaded to the big box again and I wanted to be able to open my project and add this file from the big box to the list of files of the project.

8.4 Just like we did with the inbox gruped by date (like telegram or WhatsApp) the big boxes (feed folders) would have to display things in this format as well.